Okay. Very eric- erratic. I'm, uh, close to 10 years since the stroke and, uh, I've been, uh, more or less talking for the last seven. And, uh, at times, uh, uh, this temp here, I can wake up and feel fine and pronounce things very carefully. Other times, I'm, um, I'm, um, often the fall somewhere, uh, um, about back and forth. Mm-hmm. Uh, more than of those, uh, past year or so. Anything else? Yeah. As l- late in December, I was a- alone in my small house behind my, uh, uh, friend and my, uh, daughters. And, um, I, uh, suddenly went, I would say, at this point I would say blank. But, uh, going back as far beyond this, I couldn't get ahold of myself. And, uh, I was in the, uh, house was very cold and it's very messy and I sat there from somewhere between two and three days. So- so my... eventually my daughter came in. So- so, yeah, it was very long. I couldn't move. I feel, uh, very, um, more or less blessed by my recovery, because, uh, I got up and, um, moved eventually, months later. I couldn't walk for about, I think about four months, three or four months. But, um, I'm, uh, have, uh, been doing the things I was asked to do and, uh, and I read and I write and, uh, I draw and I walk around and deal. I'm doing yoga at this point about twice a week, two or three times a week. So- so, oh, okay. You look m- very spritely. Yeah, uh, um, well, uh, one-on-one therapy, just sit down and not exactly. It's more or less being connected to a- a patient of an, um, in group, but, uh, occasionally for, uh, two or three months at a time, uh, one-on-one. So- so- Okay. Just totally at random. Okay. There's so- so many different things are important to me. I don't know really what to draw from to, um, every week is, uh, I experienced, um, several things that are important really, uh, mind-blowingly important. So, okay, currently, uh, I think I'm, um, very concerned about, uh, the, uh, national political mood in this country. And, uh, uh, I'm, uh, working, um, I'm, um, concentrated on something that I can do on a daily basis that, uh, takes the present me out of it. And, uh, also I'm praying and talking with every people about... So that's, uh, very current and, uh, uh, very important at the moment. So, yeah, not too many choices lately. I've been thinking about it a great deal. I may be hoping to return to California if another maybe one to two years. Where? Um, you know media in Palos Verdes right near along Redondo? Yeah. I do that. By the way, Redondo is, um, almost, almost my fav- beach. It was long ago. It's beautiful this time around and s- I'll think about it. Okay . Well, it's second place. I did- I have to think about it. Yeah. It's long, it was long ago. Wide, used to be very wide. I haven't been there for a while, so yeah. Yeah. Yeah, mm-hmm. All good. Some first cousin living in, on the beach in Man- Hermosa Beach. So, okay. Let's see. Boy is kicking the ball, it's going through the window and it's dropping next to, um, a young, um, older man who gr- grabs it and throws it. And that's, um, basic. Okay. Uh, been very basically, uh, he, um...... young boy is, uh, has no, uh, umbrella from the mother. He says, uh, bu- "Goodbye," goes out, and it starts raining. He runs back and it's all wet and the mother looks at him a bit, um, scoldingly. So, he takes the umbrella and he walks m- to school, I guess. End of story. Okay. Again, very basically, the, um, little girl is trying to reach the kitty cat in the, in the branches. There's a letter in a cycle next to her. Closer to the tree is a forlorn-looking man, uh, looking out as, uh, the bark- dog barks up at him and the two firem- uh, are running with another letter from the fire truck to presumably, uh, put the letter and rescue the man. And, um, there's a bird sitting above them singing to heavens. End of story. Was trying. Close. Yeah. The basics. Yeah, yeah. Okay. That's it. I'm sorry. Okay. Okay. Simply put, now, um, Cinderella was a, uh, a wonderfully pretty and, uh, m- good natured and in the servitude of evil stepmother and two, uh, uh, uh, stepdaughters, uh, stepsisters. And, um, rela- want the whole story, right? Okay. Um, I, I've got to keep awake, but I'll try. So, there's a ball and the, uh, mother and... the mother and the sib- sisters are very worked up about the whole thing and, uh, going to try on their best costumes. Now, Cinderella was, uh, also worked up but she is going to... the, the mother is going to order to sit in the house and, and clean. So off the mother and stepsisters go and, um, and Cinderella is very forlorn but, uh, all the, uh, neighborhood, um, household couriers are gather and, uh, s- send her off in a fancy gown. And, um, I think this, uh, this... what's the word? A good frail appears to her and, and, um, comes the lu- mushroom, sorry, the, uh, pumpkin into a carriage and off she goes to, uh, to the ball. And, uh, naturally he's... she is the fairest one of all and, uh, has to be, uh, the, uh, sh- various couriers have told her that they... has to, uh, return at mid- at midnight. So, he has a great time dancing with the prince who is, uh, totally in love with her now. And, uh, but, uh, the str- s- cock strikes, um, 10... I'm sorry, lu- 12, and, um, she runs out the door, uh, and leaves one shoe in the, in the hall, out of the entrance. And, um, he gets in, in a carriage and rides home. Uh, this is, uh, uh, the carriage is carrying back into, um, uh, um a pumpkin. And, uh, her gorgeous gown turns to old rags and he returns to the, to the hospital. Um, so- sorry, the, um, day-to-day chores. And, um, this, uh, back and forth about, uh, the, uh, wicked stepmother that... and they start searches, try to, um, dress up and present themselves to the, uh, the, uh, princess, uh, emissaries. And, uh, but, uh, I forget the, all the, uh, little details but y- she appears at the liquid ni- time and the, uh, emissary, uh, puts the magic shoe on her and everything is hunky-dory. That's about it. Okay. Again, as I again and again, I watched it, the whole dang thing. Uh-huh. Where I c- it's in my brain forever. It's too bad. Yeah. Of course. Okay. Oh, no. Cool. Yeah. All right. I'll get, um, bread. I'm sorry, wheat bread. Uh, and, um, put the, uh, jelly, peanut butter on the br- one side of the bread and the, hopefully, uh, apricot jelly on the other side together and eat it. Yes.