Okay. I believe it's better but, um, my, I mostly have problems when I get excited or, um, I want to, um, I want to get it out fast. I used to be very fast-talking, you know, and it's hard. Well, I was asleep and I woke up with it. Well, um, I woke up and, um, g- um, sit up and, um, it didn't feel strange or anything. And I got up to go to the bathroom and I couldn't get my arm to do something. And I- I di- it didn't really dawn on me, you know. I came out and tried to make a, um, coffee and I just couldn't make it. And I, uh, turned around and I fell and I didn't understand why I fell. And, um, I went back in the room. My, um, granddaughter was spending the night and, um, I decided that, um, um, I needed some help, you know? And, um, I tried to call my son but I didn't, I didn't work, you know? And my daughters came up and I d- called her and all I could say was, "Yeah, yeah, y-" You know? That's all I could say. And, um, then after, I fell again and my daughter, um, I mean my granddaughter, um, uh, took my phone and ran out here and called her dad, you know? Mm-hmm. That was, you know, that got the ambulance and everything. Yeah. Well, uh, I think she was afraid- Yeah. ... because she, uh, come out of the bedroom and stayed back here waiting for them, you know? She didn't... Yeah. I don't know. In- Okay. Well, I'm glad to hear that it's, um, getting better. Well, the main thing is my speech, you know? Other than that, I, m- I'd say I'm, um, fairly okay, you know, the, um, weakness, but it's not terrible. I took therapy. You know? And I, um, I go to the gym, um, and do, uh, water aerobics and some, um, treadmill. And, um, that's, you know, it, that's it. I don't do, um, um, therapy anymore because I can't afford it. You know? I, um, I like to read but I don't like it now. I used to like to read two or three books a, uh, a week. Oh. Yeah. And I, um, there's a book I've had since, um, uh, beginning of September and I still haven't finished it yet, you know? Mm-hmm. But I try to read out loud and, um, some words that I can't pernot- pronounce, I stay on them until I pr- can pronounce them right. Oh. I, I wish I did better, you know, reading more but I just, you know, I just can't. Yeah. I, I, um, I like it because, um, I, uh, I like what I'm reading- Mm-hmm. ... but, um, it's hard. Well, um, no, but, um, used to I didn't like books on tape, you know? My mind starts to wander. Mm-hmm. Yeah. You know? But, and that is good for me. Yeah. Yeah. To read it al- aloud. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Um, while still spiraling doesn't listen. Well, um, uh, I can do it while driving- Mm-hmm. ... you know? But I don't drive that much, you know? Okay. Thinking back, can you tell me a story about something important that happened to you in your life, anything that you'd like? Okay. Um, well, I, and I, um, I had, um, two labor pains and that was it. And she was delivered, you know? We were in the parking lot of, of a bank trying to get some money to put gas in the car. Yeah. But, you know, she w- she was fine, you know? She was their third one, you know? We pretty much knew what was the deal, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Uh, we'd all have been dead, you know? Yes. Yes. How? Mm-hmm. Yeah. It wa- uh, it's called precipitous labor. Mm-hmm. But, you know, I just had one, I had one pain and I got everybody up and ready. And I had another pain, um, um, um, when I reached the car and then, you know? Yeah. But then I pushed. Yeah. Three. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Oh, well, the boy kicks the ball. He kicked it through the window. The dad, I guess the dad, catches it and looks out the window. Wait. She, um, the mother was, wants him to use an umbrella and he said, "I don't need it." And she, um, when he gets outside, it's raining and raining bad and he comes back to his mother and said, "I need an umbrella." And, you know, there's the umbrella. Oh, interesting. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, the dar- uh, the dog is barking. That's why the, um, the guy is in the tree. And the cat is in the tree, um, m- um, missing, I mean, the girl wants her cat and, um, the firetruck is there. I don't know if she's going to get the dog or the cat down, you know? Mm-hmm. Probably both. Okay. So- Okay. Okay. It sounds- Okay. ... like Cinderella. ... was, well, her mother died and her father kept, um, um, care of her and, um, she needed a mother. She got a, a stepmother, but, uh, she wasn't very nice and the father died and ever since the father died, she was real mean to, um, Cinderella and made her do, um, the work around the house. She had two stepsisters who were, who were just as mean to her. One day, um, the, the palace, um, put out, um, put out an invitation to, um, to every, um, maiden in the land to, um, come to see if the prince was interested and, um, um, she, um, Cinderella wanted to go. She busied herself all up with, you know, the preparation and, um, f- secretly, she made a dress and, um, it was time to leave and, um, um, they said, um, there was some things on her, um, gown that, you know, like, um, the ribbons and stuff like that. And anyway, um, she, um, t- tore it to shreds and so, um, the stepmother and stepsisters, you know, took, um, took off for the ball and Cinderella, um, cried and suddenly, she saw a fairy bodmother, godmother and, um, um, she gave... No. She g- no. Well, anyway, she gave her a, a pretty dress to wear and she made a pumpkin into a, um, coach and she made field mice into footmen and she said, "Be back by 12 o'clock." You know? And sh- um, Cinderella went to the ball and she danced with the prince and everything and it struck midnight and she had to get away and, um... Anyway, um, she got away, but the- by the time she went, um, by the time she got back, um, her clothes were, uh, all gone and y- you, um, the coach and all had, um, disappeared. But only, um, she had one, um, slipper, a gold slipper, um. And anyway, um, the, um, the call went out that the prince was looking for someone to fit in the slipper and the, um, stepmother and stepsisters, um... Were, were ready for them and they, uh, came, um, the... Uh, but, but, uh it doesn't fit... It didn't fit them and, um... Anyway, um, Cinderella come and sh- I... Anyway, Cinderella came and, um, she tried the slipper on and, you know, they lived happily ever after, you know. Okay. Language test? Okay. Well, you start with bread and you, um, take the peanut butter and you dr- and you, um, lift it out and you spread it and then you take the peanut and you lift it out. I mean, the, the jelly and you lift it out of the... And you spread it on one ev- uh, the other side of the bread and you put it together.