Okay, very erratic. I'm close to ten years since the stroke and I've been more or less talking for the last seven. And at times this tenth year I can wake up and feel fine and pronounce things very carefully. Other times I'm off in the fall somewhere about back and forth more than others past year or so. Anything else yeah as late in December I was alone in my small house behind my friend with my daughters and I suddenly went I say at this point I'll say blank but going back as far beyond this I couldn't get a hold of myself and I was in the house was very cold, it's very messy, and I sat there from somewhere between two and three days. Eventually my daughter came in. So yeah, it was very long. I couldn't move. I feel very more or less blessed by my recovery because I got up and moved eventually. Months later, I couldn't walk for about, I think, about four months, three or four months. But I have been doing the things I was asked to do. And I read and I write and I draw and I walk deal and I'm doing yoga at this point about twice a week two or three times a week. oh okay you look very sprightly. yeah well one-on-one therapy, just sit down and not exactly. It's more or less being connected to a face of a group, but occasionally for two or three months at a time one-on-one so just totally random. okay so many different things are important to me. I don't know really what to draw from. Every week is, I experience several things that are important, really mind-bogglingly important. So, okay, currently I think I'm very concerned about the national political mood in this country and I'm working, I'm concentrated on something that I can do on a daily basis that takes the president out of office. And also I'm praying and talking with every people about it. So that's very current and very important at the moment. So yeah, not too many churches lately. I've been thinking about a great deal on maybe hoping to return to California if another maybe one to two years. By the way, Redonda is almost my favorite beach. Long ago. I'll think about it. Well, it's second place. I have to think about it. It's long ago. Wide. It used to be very wide. I hadn't been there for a while, so yeah. The boy is kicking the ball, is going through the window, is dropping it next to a young, older man. That's basic. I've been very basically. The young boy has no umbrella from the mother. He says goodbye, goes out, and it starts raining. He runs back. It's all wet. The mother looks at him a bit scoldingly so he takes the bread and he walks to school I guess. okay okay very basically the little girl is trying to reach the kitty cat in the branches. There's a letter and a tricycle next to her. Closer to the tree as a forlorn looking man looking out as the dog barks up at him and the two farm are running with another letter from the fire truck to presumably put the letter up and rescue the man. And it's a bird sitting up and singing to heavens. Was trying. Close. The basic. yeah yeah okay. Simply put, Cinderella was alarmingly pretty and good natured and in the servitude of evil stepmother and two stepdaughters, step sisters. And really want the whole story, right? Okay. I got to keep awake, but I'll try. So there's a ball and the mother and the sisters are very worked up about the whole thing and going to try on the best costumes. Now, Cinderella is also worked up, but she is going to, the mother is going to order to sit in the house and clean. So off the mother and stepsisters go. And Cinderella is very forlorn, but all the neighborhood household careers are gathered and send her off in a fancy gown and I think this was the word, a good frail appears to her and comes a mushroom, sorry, the pumpkin into a carriage and off she goes to the ball. And naturally she is the first warden of all and has to be the various couriers have told her that she has to return at midnight. So he has a great time dancing with the prince who is totally in love with her now. But the cock strikes ten, sorry, twelve. And she runs out the door and leaves one shoe in the hall of the entrance. and gets a carriage and rides home. This is the carriage is turning back into a pumpkin and her gorgeous gown turns to old rags and he returns to the hospital. Sorry, the day-to-day chores. And there's a back and forth but the wicked stepmother and the sisters try to dress up and present themselves to the princess emissaries. But I forget all the little details, but she appears at the nick of time and the emissary puts the magic shoe on her and everything is hunky-dory. That's about it. okay again again I watched the whole damn thing. It's in my brain forever. It's too bad. Of course. Okay. I'll get bread. I'm sorry. Wheat bread. And put the jelly peanut butter on the one side of the bread and hopefully apricot jelly on the other side together and eat it.