Okay all right right really slow slow really speaking really slow slow Jennifer Jennifer yeah Jennifer speaking. Well really miss you a lot yes indeed. Tooting in Germany computers director of sales friends in hospitals London Venice Japan. But really really hard trying really weird but stroke I mean emergency room but flying helicopters two weeks sleeping all right what can you do. Tooting in Germany this one emergency room penny family Tamara call hey hello how are you Tamara my God oh wow really pissed emergency room and Sadie and Felix and Tamara and what can you do but then cut off cut off and Christmas yeah Christmas and this one this one no but this one Tooting and Sadie okay this one me and this one and nobody no stroke but real real trout it's good come off come off. But tooting in Germany one two weeks two May and June October November no month a month right yeah Germany hey how are you but oh my God sad yes change yeah better okay. me this one me Burlington Crest one bedroom bedroom me and walking running treadmill all the time elliptical step all the time Monday Tuesday Wednesday and Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday listening to people and reading books reading books Vanderbilt reading books Aphasia yeah Aphasia all the time. But it's good really really interesting in family in family really it's family in brother and brother it's good family. Oh my God one two years two three years ago oh my God yes this one Dominic Dominic okay this one Dominic no oh my God Josh and Josh and Mindy Mindy is family yeah family Josh and Mindy is family but it's good. Reading a lot and reading and this one this one this one this one drawing drawing every time drawing yeah but yeah but it's good okay all right okay hello all right passed okay stories. really Craigs Billy and family miss you a lot but I don't know really sad but arm and leg and but what can you do but really but family but really painful but Billy and Craigs and what can you do awful. traveling right drunk yeah drunk and throw up no but throw up really hard but God no really why but God I don't know it's family but okay interesting drinking all the time okay drinking but God all the time promises promises but faith but faith all the time really but why but faith I don't know I don't know faith interesting no no faith God all the time. And this one this one James Bible really but this one evening evening and every day yeah but it's good inspiration inspiration I don't know inspiration faith I don't know faith really spiritual spiritual yeah right. okay this one party party power okay wine and beer okay wine and beer drinking okay and marijuana okay me tooting in Germany tooting in Germany me okay but sleeping two weeks coma but God I don't know faith healing trying. I don't okay I don't really okay really interesting healing healing really I don't know strange but interesting treadmill treadmill all the time elliptical step all the time and this one faith all the time why really I don't know why really interesting faith I don't know why but interesting but faith I don't know why I don't know why but stupid really interesting faith why yeah but it's interesting yeah but it's good it's good really really interesting faith God change change interesting yeah right really faith okay next. Okay no no it's good it's good relax no no it's good hey hot raining no no it's fine it's fine oh my God oh my God raining shit wait wait stopping okay really raining and waling it's good cats oh my God cats cats and saving oh cats. oh my God this one oh my God driving oh my God oh my God tricycle tricycle cat no dog man and singing rock and singing bird and racing policeman and police firemen firemen and oh my God okay yeah right ladder yeah ladder ladder police ladders oh my God yeah ladders. Cinderella give this one this one and take it and Cinderella hurry and oh come off and oh this one sorry and oh and take it really Mary and Cinderella and and whoa and and no mom and no mom no monster monster stuck up two two monster one and two and Cinderella Cinderella and and throw up and and and this one and end yeah but it's good and it's good it's good Jolly okay. this one baller okay sorry jam and peanut butter and this one peanut butter and jam and sandwich sandwich and spread sandwich and spread it's really good.