OK. All right, really. Slow, slow, really speaking really slow slow, Jennifer, Jennifer, yeah Jennifer speaking. Well really miss you a lot. Yes, indeed. Ting in Germany, computers, director of sales, brands and hospitals, London, Venice, Japan, but uh. Oh, Really Uh, Really hard trying, really weird, but stroke I mean. Emergency room, emergency room, but um flying helicopters, 2 weeks sleeping right. What can you do? Tooting in Germany, this one, emergency room. Penny family, Tara. Call. Hey, hello, how are you? Tamara. Oh my God. Oh wow, really pissed emergency room and uh Sadi and uh Felix and Tamara and uh. Um, what can you do but then cut off, cut off in. Oh, Christmas. Yeah, Christmas and this one. This one, no, but this one too. Sadi OK, this one me and this one and no no um. Stroke, but real real trout, it's good come off come off, but. To think in Germany one. 2 weeks 2. May and June, October, November, no month, a month, right? Yeah, Germany. Hey, how are you? But oh my God, sad. Yeah, yeah, better. OK, this one, me, uh. Burlington Crest, one bedroom, bedroom me and walking, running, treadmill all the time, let the go step all the time. Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and uh Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, listening to people and uh Reading books, reading books. Vanderbilt, reading books, hazia, yeah, haia all the time, but it's good, really, really interesting in family, in family, really it's family in brother and brother is good family. Oh my God, 12 years, 23 years ago, my God, Dominic Dominic, OK, uh, uh. Um, this one Dominic, no, um, uh, my God, Josh and, uh, Josh and Mindy, Mindy is family, yeah, family, Josh and Mindy is family, but it's good reading a lot and and reading and. And Uh, this one, this one, this one, this, uh, drawing, drawing, drawing every time, drawing, yeah, but yeah, but it's good. OK, alright, alright, OK, huh, really. Craig's Billy and family miss you a lot, but uh. I don't know, really sad, but arm and leg and but. What can you do, but really, but family, but. Really, um, painful. Billy and Craigs and what can you do? Awful trip that you've taken um with your family? Oh, travelling, right, drunk, yeah, drunk and Throw up. No, but throw up really hard, but God. No, really, why? But God? I don't know. It's family, but OK, interesting, drinking all the time. OK, drinking, but God all the time. Promises, promises, but faith, but faith all the time really but why but faith. I don't know. I don't know faith, interesting, no faith God all the time. And this one, this one James Bro really but uh this one evening, evening and Every day. Yeah, but it's good. Inspiration, inspiration. I don't know, inspiration, faith. I don't know, faith, really spiritual, spiritual. Yeah, right, um, OK, this one party party. Woo. OK, uh, wine and beer, OK, wine and beer, woohoo, drinking, OK, and Marijuana, OK, me tooting in Germany, tooting in Germany, me, OK, tooting in Germany, OK, OK, but. Sleeping to each coma, but God, I don't know faith, healing, trying. I don't, OK, I don't really, OK, really interesting healing. Healing, really, I don't know strange but interesting treadmill, treadmill all the time, let gocept all the time and this one faith. All the time. Why? Really, I don't know why. Really interesting, faith. I don't know why, but interesting, but faith. I don't know why. I don't know why, but stupid, really interesting, faith, why? Yeah, but it's interesting. Yeah, but it's good, it's good. Really, really interesting faith, God on change, change, right, really faith. OK, next. So look at all of these pictures. Go and goal and oh my God, her and What's that? Oh really pick that up. So if you could tell me a story again with the beginning, middle, and end about these pictures. OK. No, no, it's good, it's good for lack now, no, it's good. Hey, hot. Running. No, no, it's fine, it's fine. Oh my god. Oh my God, running, shit, wait, stopping. OK. Really Raining and watering is good. Cats. Oh my God, cats, cats and. Savings oh. My god, uh, this 10 my God, the driving, oh my god, uh, oh my god, no, my tricycle tricycle, oh. Um, cats, now, um, dog, man, and. Uh, um, singing rock and. Singing. bird and racing. Policeman, police. And please. Um, firemen, firemen and. Firemen and firemen and oh my God, OK, yeah, right, ladder, yeah, ladder, ladder ladders, my God, yeah, ladders, the rad. This one, this one and taken in. Cinderella, hurry in. Oh. Come off and oh. This 10, sorry, and oh and take it, really? Mm mm Mary and Cinder Brady mm and and and and whoa. Uh and um. And um No, mom and. Oh no, no, man, monster, monster monster. Stoop 22 Monster 1 and 2 and. Cinderella, Cinderella. And and throw up and. And And And this one and and yeah but it's good and right yeah but it's good and it's good it's jolly, OK, uh, this one. Baking, sorry. Bali. Jam and peanut butter and This one, peanut butter and jam and sandwich, sandwich and spread sandwich and spread. It's really good.