OK, very erratic. I'm, uh, close to 10 years since the stroke, and, uh, I've been, uh, more or less talking for the last 7 and uh. At times, uh. This time of year I can wake up and feel fine and pronounce things very carefully. O the times um um. I'm uh Often in fall some um uh about. Back and forth, uh, more than others uh past year or so. Anything else, it was late in December I was alone in my small house behind my uh. A friend with my uh daughters and um. I suddenly. On I'll say at this point I'll say blank, but uh going back as far beyond this, I couldn't get a hold of myself and uh. I was in the uh. The house is very cold. It's very messy, and I sat there from somewhere between. 2 and 3 days my eventually my daughter came in so yeah it was very long. I couldn't move. I feel uh very um. More or less blessed by my recovery because uh I got up and uh. eventually months later I couldn't walk for About I think about 4 months. 3 or 4 months, but um. I will have a. Been doing the things I was asked to do and uh and I read and I write and uh I draw and I walk deal and I'm doing yoko at this point about twice a week, 2 or 3 times a week. Oh, OK. You look very brightly, yeah, uh, I'm, well, uh. One on one therapy just sit down and not exactly it's more or less being connected to a facial of and um. In group but uh uh occasionally for uh. 2 or 3 months at a time, uh, one on one, so just, uh, totally at random. OK, it's so many different things are important to me. I, I don't know really what to draw from the. Um, yeah, every week is, uh, I Experience them. Several things that are important, really uh mind bogglingly important. So, OK, currently, uh I think I'm very concerned about uh the uh. National political mood in this country and Yeah. I'm uh Working, um. I'm um Concentrated on something I can do on a daily basis that uh. Takes the pressing offers and uh. Also, I'm praying and talking with every people about it, so that's a very current and uh. Uh, very important at the moment, so not too many church lately. I've been thinking about a great deal on maybe. Hoping to return to California for another. Maybe 1 to 2 years where um you know media in powers for right near long uh yeah by the way, Rojada is almost, almost my favourite beach was long ago. It's dear for this time and I'll think about it. The second place I, I have to think about it. It's, it's long ago, it used to be very wide. I hadn't been there for a while, so yeah, yeah. First cousin living in on the beach and man. be so the boy is catching the ball. It's going through the window. It's dropping next to uh um a young, an older man who now grows it blow. Basic and then very basically he um. Young boy is uh. Has no umbrella from the mother. He says goodbye, goes out and it starts raining. He runs back and it's all wet. The mother looks a bit um scoldingly, so he takes the brother and he walks. Um To school I guess and story very basically. The um Little girl is. Trying to raise the kitty cat in the. And the branches. Yes so Water and Try to I see her closer to the. Tree as a forlorn looking man. Uh, looking out. As the bark dog barks up at him and the two farm are running with another letter from the frog. Truck to prison. Yeah Put the letter and rescued the man and um. It's a bird singing of open singing to heaven and this story was trying the basic, yeah, yeah, OK, OK, simply put, now. Um Senator was uh uh alarmingly pretty and uh good natured and in the servitude of evil stepmother and to uh. Uh, stepdaughters, uh, stepsisters, you know. Really want the whole story, right? OK, and I, I got to keep awake, but I'll try. So. There's a ball and the uh. Mother and the mother and the very worked out about the whole thing. And I'm going to try on the best consumes now. Cinderella has also woke her up, but she is going to the the mother is going to order to sit in the house and and clean, so off the mother San Francisco and uh. And Senator is very forlorn, but uh all the uh neighbourhood, um, household careers are gather in, uh. Send her off in a fancy gown and um. I think this this was the word, a good prayer appeals to her and and um. Comes mushroom, sorry, the uh pumping into a carriage and off she goes to uh. To the ball and, uh, naturally he is, she is the first warden of ball and uh. Has to be the. Various courts have told her that he has to uh return at mid at midnight so. He has a great time dancing with the prince who is uh totally in love with her now and uh. But uh the star. Cock strikes. Chan, I'm sorry. 2 and um. She runs out the door, uh, and leaves one shoe and uh. No, I. Inters and um. He gets a carriage and rides home, and this is the, uh, this car is turning back into um. Uh, um A pumpkin and her gorgeous gown turns the. Old rags and Returns to the to the hospital. Um, sorry, sorry, the um. Day to day chores and um. It's uh back and forth but uh. The wicked step and the try to um Dress up and present themselves to the uh. Mhm The princess uh emissaries and uh. But um I forget. All the little details, but she appears and look at Nick at time in the uh. Eversary, uh, puts the mad shoe on her and everything is hunky dory. That's about it. OK, again, as I, again and again, I watch it the whole damn thing for like you know my brain for for course OK cool yeah I'll get um. Bread, I'm sorry, wheat bread, uh, and um. Put the uh jelly peanut butter on the one side of the bread and uh hopefully uh apricot jelly on the end side together and eat it, yes.