OK. Well, I don't. I don't think it it is for my stroke. My first stroke was OK. I, I, at first I didn't. Couldn't say anything and then I went up and up and took therapy, speech therapy, and when I got, got it back and uh Now, uh, but the second stroke, I, I have. I have some times when I want to say something and I can't say it and then. Way away. Oh yeah, I, I said it, you know, so I had to, had to work on that. Oh yeah, I, I was, I was, my first stroke, I didn't, I didn't know what it was, but I knew I was feeling, you know, uneasy and, and stuff, and, and then I It, it came on me and now on my second stroke. I, I I, I figured it was uh. Another one and so, uh, I knew. Some of the things I had. To go to it was a thing, so I I, I, I, I think I would say the second stroke because I It was recent, you know, well, recent. Then the first one. And then I, I had it and I went to. A Uh The uh Went to a hospital that one here, the. Um It was the one that uh It was, I want to say it, I, I stayed in the hospital and I went to therapy. I went to speech and uh. Uh I went to and I went to OT and PTE and uh. I went, I went to to raise myself, learn how to bathe myself and uh. Um, I know OT I um. I would have some Uh Some Exercises to uh. Have it so I I could. Do my hand and stuff. PT I learned how to walk again. Yeah, mhm. And on the, on the first stroke, I, I, I came here too at at at. what's, what's the name of the Pieta, uh Pi Beta, what is it? The last, yeah, I had my sto uh my uh PT speaks and Uh What is it? Speech OT and PC here, and I, I had, and it's very good. I had, that's what I say, I got all the way up and then I, I joined the, the The uh What uh The Thing that I want that. I joined, you know what I, you know, I want, I know I want to say it. I joined it then and I've been in that. All the way and I, I have been in there. About longer than anybody else. We had a, a banquet and I, I got a little plaque for that, but some, some people had died and stuff like that, but I was still the the longest one there, but somebody is other other people had joined this joined or had had more. Than other people, but I had more than all of them and uh. So you know, and, and that that's. I, I was very. I was very. Proud of that. And uh they they gave me one. I had been in the book club longer than anybody um. I had I had my first baby. It was a girl and I, I, I I had it and, and I, I was very good, uh good, my, I thought I had, I was a good mother and doing things for her. It was a joy to do that and now she is uh 40. 45 years of 7, 47 years old, but I remember that, that's one of the things that I I had in my life. No, I looked at you, you that old? And then I said, I'm, I'm I'm 71, I guess you are that old, uh, a boy, he is uh. Uh, 30, yeah, the little boy is playing soccer and he's playing and then he said he He He, he kicked the ball and the, the, the window. The neighbor's window broke because he kicked it through the window and then The, the man was sitting in the living room. And the uh Came through and, and he was shocked and the the the uh Lamp fell over and stuff and then he got up and he said, it's a soccer ball, and he looked out the window to see who he kicked it. Oh yeah, OK, OK. Oh, this little, this little boy or little girl. The, the, uh. It looked like a uh. You look like a girl, but he's going to school and his mama said, take this uh umbrella because it looks like rain. And he said, I don't wanna, I don't wanna take that. I might lose it. It's not raining and and as he goes to school, it started to rain and it rained and then he came back and he looked, he was all wet and his mother said, didn't I tell you to take the umbrella? And so he got the umbrella and he started back to school. OK. Alright, the, the little girl got a A cat that up and up, the cat is up in the tree and so he said, please get my cat and uh. And she was riding on her tricycle and she tried to get the cat down, but he wouldn't go and then so he. He, he, uh. Asked the man to get it down with the ladder, but he didn't make it. He's still up in the tree and the cats up in the tree. And so they call the fire department and, and, and the dog is. Uh, bargain for the man, but then the fire department came and they got the the cat out of the tree. Yeah, they, they was a lot. I meant to bury us just sitting there looking, that's all he was gonna do. Mhm mhm. OK. It's, it's a story about Cinderella. He, he had He, her, I mean, his daddy was a widow cause his wife died and he, she was. Very neat and pretty. When she was a little girl, and then, then his mother, his daddy said, I'm going to marry this woman. She was a, a very Treacherous woman, and she, and she wanted to marry him, so. They they married and she had two little girls, very Uh Very Very Ugly girls and and so. Then daddy died and all. She said she was gonna Run the house and she didn't want uh Cinderella to have pretty clothes. She will, she wanted her to have rags and, and then she said, I don't have a uh uh uh maid to run this house, so you will be the maid and you will want be my, my maid. Made and the, the girls too, and then by this time they had grown up and so she, she uh Fix the the the. Uh Uh, the, the. Fix the Um, that's, um. The wood, the fire, and Did her housework and cooked the breakfast and stuff for them. Anything they wanted, she had to do it and so she lived up in the attic and, and, and when she had The animals to talk to her, the horse and the, the rats and and the uh cat and things. That's all she had to talk to. And then Like, uh, Uh, telegram came. Because The king wants his son to marry, so he had a a ball and so he, he tried to see who will you want to marry, but uh so. Um, The, the two girls and, and the mother got some fancy clothes and everything to go to the, to the ball because say she wanted one of them to marry their parents, so. Um, the the mother had left a dress for her and see. I will, I will. Use this, this, my mother's dress and I, I will uh Fix it up and then. When, when the uh The mother and two girls. Uh One had to get ready and dressed up and go to the ball and then the Cinderella came down. I said I wanna go too, and all they was, they were very, very ugly and I said, Oh, you want to go? You can't go. And I, I, she, she uh. Uh, the dress she had, they painted, she painted out, uh. They smashed it. I didn't and so. After they had made the uh dress messy and torn, and they went to the, to the bow and and then uh the uh the mother uh uh. But uh uh Cinderella. Upstairs, I think so. Uh, she couldn't go out and then. A The Uh The fairy godmother came and Cinderella looked and she and the mother said she told they wouldn't let me go to the ball, and so. She said, just a minute, I'll see about this sensor, um. Uh, she got her dress, a pretty dress, and, and made the, the pumpkin and the rats and the cats now made them the. A footstool and, and the driver and thing and, and so you go into the bar, but you must get back by 12 o'clock. I all all this fixed for you will. will be Um, Um, Be gone, and so they all went to the ball, and Cinderella came and the, the, the old, old, old. Me at the oh. Me the all. Um, The old Battles. was looking and the and the girls were too. They said, Where's that girl going going at the ball and looking at the pans looking at her and and so and so the prince danced with her. For all the, the night and, and so she wanted to know, he wanted to know who what her name is and where, where is she, but she didn't tell her and then. It's, she had some pretty Shoes, they were uh They were glass shoes and so. And the, the clock was, was. Time and 12 o'clock so that she gotta, gotta let go because she said the, the fairy godmother said, if you don't get out there by 12, you'll have all that stuff. It it it. It will go back. So she was going and running and running and she, one of the uh um. Shoes were left on on the the. Uh, steps and she was running and running cause he gotta get out of there and. We went back to pumpkin and, and the, the rats and the all the horse, they all went back. To What they were And so then. The the the girl and so. Um, Uh. The, the old mother put her up in the The uh In the the they came around her house and said. I wanted you to look to you. To look at this shoe to see if you can wear it and and and the the all the I don't wanna. So she said, I was, I was fitted, but it didn't fit either. And then the the other shoe and the and the mother's the other shoe, and they found it was her. And so They had a big wedding and. They Lived happy every Easter. Yeah, best of Cinderella, I think, you know, I, I, I was a teacher and I would tell all kind of Yeah, yeah, the kids and, yeah. Oh yeah. Thank you. You even reminded me of some details that I forgot. Alright, yeah. OK, I have one more thing for you, and then we're going to do the language test and then just a couple more things, OK, so this is going to be a little bit different. I want you to tell me how you would make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Oh, OK. All right. You you you get. Uh, the, the cabinet and you get some bread. Two pieces of the bed. Out of the The, the, uh, De la Um, but Build a What is it? The bed is in the, the. I say sack, but that's not. The the The what that The bed stayed in. And so the peanut butter and the the two pieces of bread and OK, you. Get a piece of bread and you, oh, you need a knife. And then you put, and then you put. The bed And you put another, the other piece on the peanut butter and then. You ate it. Yeah, is this is. That's the way I, I think I say I say it.