Okay, very erratic. I'm close to 10 years since the stroke and I've been more or less talking for the last seven. And at times, this time of year I can wake up and feel fine and pronounce things very carefully. Other times I'm off in the fall somewhere about back and forth more than others past year so anything else yeah as late in December I was alone in my small house behind my front with my doors and I suddenly went I say at this point I'll say blank but going back as far beyond this I couldn't get ahold of myself and I was in the house was very was very cold, it was very messy, and I sat there for somewhere between two and three days. Eventually my daughter came in. So yeah, it was very long. I couldn't move. I feel very more or less blessed by my recovery because I got up and moved eventually. Months later, I couldn't walk for about, I think, about four months, three or four months. But I have been doing the things I was asked to do. And I read and I write and I draw and i write and uh i draw and i walk deal and i'm doing yoga at this point about twice a week two or three times a week oh okay you look very sprightly yeah i'm well-one therapy, just sit down and not exactly. It's more or less being connected to a face of a group, but occasionally for two or three months at a time one-on-one so just totally random okay so many different things are important to me I don't know really what to draw from. Every week is, I experience several things that are important, really mind-bogglingly important. So, okay, currently I think I'm very concerned about the national political mood in this country and I'm working, I'm concentrated on something that I can do on a daily basis that takes the present out of us. And also I'm praying and talking with every people about it. So that's very Redonda is almost my favorite beach. Long ago. It's here for this time. I'll think about it. Well, it and all those. The boy is kicking the ball, is going through the window, is dropping it next to a young, older man who grabs the glove. That's basic. I've been very basically. The young boy has no umbrella from the mother. He says goodbye, goes out, and it starts raining. He runs back. It's all wet. The mother looks at him a bit sc scoldingly so he takes the bread and he walks to school i guess emory story okay okay okay very basically the um little girl is trying to reach the kitty cat in the branches. There's a letter and a child next to her. Closer to the tree as a full-on looking man looking out as the bark dog box up at him and the two farm running with another letter from the fire truck to Praslooney. Put the letter up and write to the man. And it's a bird sitting up and singing to Heaven's End Restoration. Was trying. Close. The basic. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. Simply put, um, um, Sunderblur was, uh, uh, alarmingly pretty and, pretty and good natured and in the servitude of evil stepmother and two stepdaughters, step sisters. And really want the whole story, right? Okay. I got to keep awake, but I'll try. So there's the ball and the mother and the mother and the sisters are very worked up about the whole thing and going to try on the best costumes. Now, Cinderella is also worked up, but she is going to, the mother is going to order to sit in the house and clean. So off the mother and step-sister go. And Senator is very forlorn, but all the neighborhood household careers are gathered and Senator Earl is often a fancy gown and I think this was the word, a good fray appears to her and comes a mushroom, sorry, the pumpkin into a carriage and off she goes to the ball. And naturally she is totally in love with her now. But the cock strikes ten, sorry, twelve. And she runs out the door and leaves one shoe in the hall of the entrance. a carriage and rides home. This is the carriage is turning back into a pumpkin and her gauze is going to turn the old rags and he returns to the hospital. Sorry, the day-to-day chores. And there's a back and forth, but the wicked stubborn and the superstitious try to dress up and present themselves to the princess emissaries. But I forget all the little details, but she appears and look at nick at time and the emissary puts the magic shoe on her and everything is hunky-dory that's about it okay again as i again and again'm watching the whole damn thing. You know I brain prayer. It's too bad. Of course. Okay. I'll get bread. I'm sorry. Wheat bread. And put the jelly peanut butter on the one side of the bread and hopefully apricot jelly on the other side together and eat it.