Okay. I believe it's better, but um, my, I mostly have problems when I get excited or um, I want to um, I want to get it out fast. I used to be very fast talking, you know, and it's hard. Well, I was asleep and I woke up with it. Well, um, I woke up and um, um, sit up and um, it didn't feel strange or anything. And I got up to go to the bathroom and I couldn't get my arm to do something. And I I did it didn't really dawn on me, you know. I came out and tried to make a a coffee and I just couldn't make it. And I uh, turned around and I fell and I didn't understand why I fell. And um, I went back in the room. My um, granddaughter was spending the night and um, I decided that um, um, I needed some help, you know. And um, I tried to call my son but I didn't, I didn't work, you know. And my daughter came up and I called her and all I could say was yeah, yeah, yeah, you know, that's all I could say. And um, then after I fell again and my daughter um, I mean, my granddaughter um, uh took my phone and ran out here and called her dad, you know, that was, you know, that got the ambulance and everything. Yeah. Well, I think she was afraid because she uh, come out of the bedroom and stayed back here waiting for them, you know, she didn't, you know. I don't know, 10. Well, I'm glad to hear that it's been getting better. Well, the main thing is my speech, you know, other than that, I I'd say I'm um, fairly okay, you know, the um, weakness but it's not terrible. I took therapy, you and I um, I go to the gym, um, and do a water aerobics and some um, treadmill. And um, that's, you know, it, that's it. I don't do um, um, therapy anymore because I can't afford it. I I like to read, but I don't like it now. I used to like to read it two or three books a a a week, you know. Yeah. And I, I've, there's a book I've had since um, uh, beginning of September and I still haven't finished it yet, you know. But I try to read it aloud. And um, some words that I can't pronounce, pronounce, I stay on them until I can pronounce them right. I I wish I did better, you know, reading more, but I just, you know, I just can't. Yeah. I I um, I like it because um, I re I like what I'm reading, but um, it's hard. Well, um, no, but um, used to, I didn't like books on tape, you know, my mind starts to wonder, you know. But and that is good for me. Yeah, to read it aloud. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, well, I'm, I can do it while driving, you know, but I don't drive that much, you know. Okay. Thinking back, can you tell me a story about something important that happened to you in your life? Okay, um, well, I and I um, I had um, two labor pains and that was it. And she was delivered, you know, we're we're in the parking lot of of a bank trying to get some money to put gas in the car. Yeah. But you know, she she was fine, you know. She was the third one, you know, we pretty much knew what was the deal, you know. Yes. We'd all have been dead, you know. Yes, yes. Yeah, it it was um, it's called precipitous labor, but you know, I just had one, I had one pain and I got everybody up and ready and I had another pain um, um, when I reached the car and then, you know, yeah, but then I pushed three, yeah, yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Oh, well, the boy kicks the ball. He kicked it through the window. The dad, I guess the dad catches it and looks out the window. She um, the mother was wants him to use an umbrella and he said, I don't need it. And she um, when he gets outside, it's raining and raining bad, and he comes back to his mother and said, I need an umbrella and you know, there's the umbrella. Oh yeah, yeah. Well, the the dog is barking. That's why the um, the guy is in the tree and the cat is in the tree, um, um missing, I mean, the girl wants her cat and um, the fire truck is there. I don't know if she's going to get the dog or the cat down, you know, probably both. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Cinderella was, well, her mother died and her father kept um, um, care of her. And um, she needed a mother. She got a a stepmother, but uh she wasn't very nice. And the father died and ever since the father died, she was real mean to um, Cinderella and made her do um, the work around the house. She had two step sisters who who were just as mean to her. One day, um, the the palace um, put out some um, put out an invitation to um, to every um, maiden in the land to um, come to see if the prince was interested. And um, um, she um, Cinderella wanted to go. She busied herself all up with, you know, the preparations. And um, secretly she made a dress and um, it was time to leave and um, um, um, they said, um, there was some things on her um, gown that, you know, like um, the ribbons and stuff like that. And anyway, um, she um, tore it to shreds. And so, um, the stepmother and step sisters, you know, took um, took off for the ball and Cinderella um, cried. And suddenly she saw a fairy Bob mother, godmother, and um, um, she gave, no, she, no. Well, anyway, um, she gave her a a pretty dress to wear and she made a pumpkin into a um, um, coach and she made field mice into uh, footman. And she said, be back by 12 o'clock, you know. And she um, Cinderella went to the ball and she danced with the prince and everything. And it struck midnight and she had to get away. And um, anyway, um, she got away but the, by the time she went um, by the time she got back, um, her clothes were um, all gone and you he um, the coach and all had um, um, disappeared but only um, she had one um, slipper, a gold slipper. And anyway, um, the um, the call went out that the prince was looking for someone to fit in the slipper. And the um, stepmother and the step sisters um, um, were were ready for them. And they uh, came um, the the but but it didn't fit, it didn't fit them. And um, anyway, um, Cinderella come and she I, anyway, Cinderella came and um, she tried the slipper on and you know, they lived happily ever after, you know. Okay. Okay. Well, you start with bread and you um, take the peanut butter and you and you um, lift it out and you spread it and then you take the peanut and you lift it out, I mean the the jelly and you lift it out of the and you spread it on one of the other side of the bread and you put it together.