OK, I believe it's better, but um my, I mostly have problems when I get. Excited or um I want to um. I want to get it out fast. I used to be very fast talking. You know, and it's hard. Well, I was asleep and I woke up with it. Well, um. I woke up and um um sit up and um. It didn't feel strange or anything and I got up to go to the bathroom and I couldn't get my arm to do something and I, I did, I didn't really dawn on me you know I came out and tried to make a a coffee and I just couldn't make it and I, uh, turned around and I fell and I didn't understand why I fell and um. I went back in the room. My um granddaughter was spending the night and um I decided that um. Um, I needed some help, you know, and, um. I tried to call my son, but I didn't. I didn't work, you know, and my daughters came up and I called her and all I could say was, yeah, yeah, yeah, you know, that's all I could say and um then after I spell again and my daughter, um, I mean my granddaughter, um. Uh, took my phone and ran out here and called her dad, you know, that was, you know, they got the ambulance and everything. Yeah. Well, I think she was afraid because she, uh, come out of the bedroom and stayed back here waiting for them, you know, she didn't. I don't know. But, well, I'm glad to hear that it's been getting better. Well, the main thing is my speech. You know, other than that, I, I'd say I'm I'm fairly OK, you know, the, um, weakness, but it's not. Terrible. I took therapy, you know, and. I, um, I go to the gym, um. And do a water aerobics and some um. Treadmill and um that's, you know, it, that's it. I don't do um. Um, Therapy anymore because I can't afford it, I. Um, I like to read, but I don't like it now. I used to like to read 2 or 3 books a week, and I, um, there's a book I've had since, um. Uh, beginning of September and I still haven't finished it yet, you know, but I try to read out loud and um some words that I can't pronounce, I stay on them until I can pronounce them right. I, I wish I did better, you know, reading more, but I just, you know, I just can't, yeah, I, I, um, I like it because um. I I like what I'm reading, but um. It's hard. Well, um, no, but, um, used to, I didn't like books on tape. You know, my mind starts to wonder. But and that is good for me, yeah, to read it aloud. Yeah, yeah, yeah, well, um, uh. I can do it while driving, you know, but I don't drive that much, you know. OK. Thinking back, can you tell me a story about something important that happened to you in your life? OK, um. Well, I, and I, um, I had, um, two labour pains and that was it and she was delivered, you know, we we're in the parking lot of of a bank trying to get some money to put gas in the car, but you know she she was fine, you know, she was the 3rd 1, you know, we pretty much knew what was the deal you know. Yes, we'd all been dead, you know. Yes, yes, yeah, it, uh, it's called precipitous labour, but you know, I just had one, I had one pain and I got everybody up. And ready and I had another pain um um. Um, when I reached the car and then, you know, yeah, but then I pushed yeah yeah OK. Oh well, the boy kicks the ball, he kicked it through the window. The dad, I guess the dad catches it and looks out the window. She, um, the mother was wants him to use an umbrella and he said, I don't need it and she, um, when he gets outside it's raining and raining bad and he comes back to his mother and said, I need an umbrella and you know there's the umbrella. Yeah, yeah. Well, the, the dog is barking that's why the uh the guy is in the tree and the cat. Is in the tree, um. Um, missing, I mean. The girl wants her cat and um the fire truck is there. I don't know if she's going to get the dog or the cat down, you know, probably both Cinderella was, well, her mother died and her father kept um. Um, take care of her and um she needed a mother. She got a snap mother but uh she wasn't very nice and the father died, and ever since the father died, she was real mean to um. Cinderella and made her do um. The work around the house. She had two stepsisters who who were just as mean to her. One day, um. The The palace, um, put out um. Put that an invitation to, um. To every um maiden in the land to um. Come to see if the prince was interested and um. Um, she, um Cinderella wanted to go. She busied herself all up with, you know, the preparation and um for secretly she made a dress and um it was time to leave and um. Um, they said, um. There was some things on her um gown that, you know, like uh the ribbons and stuff like that. And anyway, um she um. To tore it to shreds and so um. This stepmother and stepsisters, you know, took um. Took off for the ball and Cinderella um cried and suddenly she saw a fairy godmother, godmother, and um. Um, she gave no, she didn't know, well, anyway. She gave her a a pretty dress to wear and she made a pumpkin into a um coach and she made field mice into footman and she said be back by 12 o'clock, you know, and um Cinderella went to the ball and she danced with the prince and everything and it struck midnight and she had to get away and um. Anyway, um. She got away, but the by the time she went um. By the time she got back, um, her clothes were uh all gone, and you, you, um, the coach and all had um. Disappeared, but only um she had one. Slipper, a gold slipper and. And anyway, Um, the, um, the call went out that the prince was looking for someone to fit in the slipper and the, um, stepmother and the stepsisters, um. We were ready for them and they uh came um. The, uh, but, but it didn't fit, it didn't fit them and um. Anyway, um, Cinderella come and I anyway, Cinderella came and um she. Tried the slipper on and you know they lived happy aloe vera factor, you know, OK, OK, well, you start with bread and you um take the peanut butter and you and you um. Lift it out and you spread it and then you take the peanut and you lift it out. I mean the. The jelly and you lift it out and then you spit it on one of the other side of the. Bread and you put it together.