Okay. Very erratic. I'm uh close to 10 years since the stroke and uh I've been uh more or less talking for the last seven and uh at times uh this 10th year I can wake up and feel fine and pronounce things very carefully. Over the times I'm um um off on the fall somewhere uh um about back and forth. Uh more than others this past year or so. So anything else? Yeah. It was late into December. I was alone in my small house behind my uh friend with my uh doors and uh I uh suddenly want I say at this point I'll say blank but uh going back is far beyond just I couldn't get a hold of myself and uh I was in the uh house is very cold. It's very messy and I sat there from some room between two and three days. So yeah. And my eventual my daughter came in so yeah it was very long. I couldn't move. I feel uh very um more or less blessed by my recovery because uh I got up and uh moved eventually months later I couldn't walk for uh about I think about four months. three or four months but um I'm uh have uh been doing the things I was asked to do and uh and I read and I write and uh I draw and I walk a deal and I'm doing yoga at this point about twice a week. Two or three times a week so Okay. You look very brightly. Yeah. Uh well, uh one on one therapy. Just sit down and not exactly. It's more or less being connected to a fish of and um the group but uh occasionally for uh two or three months at time uh one on one. So Okay. Okay. Just totally at random. Okay. It's so many different things are important to me. I I don't know really what to draw from. And uh uh every week is uh I feel experience uh several things are important. Really uh mind bogglingly important. So Okay. Currently uh I think I'm very concerned about uh the uh national political mood in this country and uh uh I'm uh working um um um concentrate on something I can do on a daily basis that uh takes the president out of office. And uh also I'm praying and talking with every people about it. So that's uh very current and uh very important at the moment. So Yeah. Not too many churches lately. I'm thinking about it a great deal on maybe uh hoping to return to California if another maybe one to two years. So Where? I'm New Meteer in Powers for right near long uh Redondo. Yeah yeah. Redondo is almost my fair beach long ago. It's beer for this tide around in I'll think about it. The second place. I I have to think about it. It's long ago. Okay. Wide. It used to be very wide. I haven't been in there for a while. So Yeah. And Yeah. Yeah. But um yeah my first cousin living in on the beach in Man. Almost beach. So Okay. Well the boy is kicking the ball is going through the window. It's dropped me next to uh uh younger an older man who not grabs it below and that's uh basically. Okay. I've been very busy. basically the um young boy is uh has no uh umbrella from the mother. He says, goodbye. goes out and it starts raining. He runs back. It's all wet. the mother looks him a bit um scoldingly. So he takes the and he walks to school, I guess and for his story. Okay. I can very basically the um little girl is uh trying to reach the kitty cat in the in the branches. There's a water and a tricycle next to her close to the tree as a full-lorn looking man looking out has the bark dog barks up at him and the two farmer are running with another letter from the fire truck to presumably uh put the letter up and rescue the man and um there's a bird sitting above and singing to the heavens and for story. was trying. Close. Yeah. The basics. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Simply put um uh Cinder was uh uh a lonely pretty and uh good natured and in the servitude of an evil stepmother and two uh two stepdaughters. step sisters. And uh and so the whole story, right? Okay. And uh I I got to keep work but I'll try. So there's a ball and the uh mother and the mother and the sister are very worked up about the whole thing and uh going to try on their best costume. Now, Cinderella is also worked up but she's going to the the mother is going to ordered to sit in the house and and clean. So off the uh mother and sisters go and uh and uh Cinder is very full on but uh all the uh household critters are gather and uh send her off in a fancy gown. And um I think this is where a good fairy appears to her and and um comes a lot mushroom. Sorry. The uh pump to a carriage and off she goes to uh to the ball and uh naturally he is she is the first war of all and uh has to be at the very square has told her that he has to uh return at midnight. at midnight. So he have a great time dancing with the prince who is uh totally in love with her now. And uh but uh the star cock is strikes 10, no sorry. uh 12 and um she runs out the door uh and uh leaves one shoe in the and the entrance. And um he gets a carriage and ride home. at this is the uh carriage is uh turning back into uh um a pumpkin and her gorgeous gown turns to old rags and he returns to the uh to the hospital. Oh sorry. The um day-to-day choice. But uh and um there's uh back and forth but uh the wicked stepmother and the step sisters try to um dress up and present themselves to the uh the princess uh emissaries and uh but uh I forget the uh a little detail but he she appears at the look at Nick at time and the uh uh emissary uh puts the magic shoe on here and everything is hunky dory. That's about it. Okay. Again, I uh again and again I watch it the whole thing. And I in my brain forever. You bet. Of course. Okay, cool. All right. All right. I get um bread. I'm sorry. wheat bread. Wow. And uh put the uh the uh jelly peanut butter on the one side of the bread and uh hopefully apricot jelly on the other side together and eat it.