Okay, it's good but um... Um... It will be better. Um... I can... Um... Little... I can read a little but um... I have trouble with uh... An and the and... Yeah. Oh gosh. Well well i got um i got up to check the laundry um i got about there um in the doorway of the kitchen i don't remember i go to to Vanderbilt and that's all I can remember. I was scared. I exercise five times a week and um I have a speech um um spring Christmas break uh starting up next. The following week. And... I don't know. That's it. Doctor's appointments. Oh, I... I can't work. I watch my grandson. And... That's it. I have now. That's great. Okay. I don't talk about dusting. I'm sad about it. I have Botox injections on my arm. I don't. Yes. Yeah. And I had a nerve conduct study in my arm and they say I'm not going to regain that. Yeah, I need to do my research my hair and stuff to put it up. Tom does it. Oh, yeah. Tom and I got them anniversary last. Yeah. That's really sweet. Yeah, and he spelled my name wrong. Yeah, I know. Oh my gosh. Once a month, I babysit two kids Noah's age and he pays me to watch them and I get my nails done. Okay. That boy hit the ball through the window and I don't, he catched it he's thinking how he's going to fix the window hmm well the mom has an umbrella She didn't give it to the kid and he is... it's raining and he is wet and upset about his mother didn't give his umbrella finally he got an umbrella well the cat got on the tree and girl come over to call down the kitty cat and called her mom, dad to come and help and he got stuck in the tree and the dog um and they called the fire department to get him down and the cat. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Wicked stepmother. Two sisters and Cinderella and they told her to clean servant and they announced they're having a ball and the mother and step sisters they said they know she couldn't go until she cleaned the whole house and stuff like that and um she did that and got dressed and in um uh two sisters and mother tore the gown all up and she cried and everything and they, she, fairy godmother come to see her and carriage and dressed her up and took her to the ball and be home by, strikes 12, and she ran out of the, um, uh, dance, and lost her shoe, and he, Prince, uh, Prince tried to find her. Then Cinderella They uh print uh Cinderella uh tried on the shoe and happily ever after. Well I will have have the bread and I will smear the peanut butter one side and other side jelly and stick them together.