Not very good. That's, that's my take on it. I can't think I can't. Mm Say what I want to, you know, and spelling is. um Just like I had to. Ask. Um, The phone were, were, whatever name it was to uh spell guard, G U A R D, but I couldn't spell it and uh Simple words, simple words are I can't think of it, and, but I, uh. Uh, if I had, um, Look it up in dictionary or um. Light will go off and uh uh. I won't be able to spell it, but, uh, but to think of it, I can't even uh I still, still struggle to text because I can't think of. The uh right uh um spelling, not spelling, and spelling and And uh uh word phrase uh. She gets aggravated. So yeah. Well, the, the initial one I remember. Um, We always kiss before we uh go to bed and uh. Uh, well, she said. Uh, That I did uh pucker is just, you know, right here and uh. Um, and I said, um, well, well, over and over and again, I couldn't, I couldn't. So uh. And I, I remember. That uh The ride up to the uh gas station uh for the ER I went, I remember going in, but that was the last thing I remember until I woke up in Vanderbilt ambulance. I just, uh, I was scared because uh I couldn't communicate and I had a deep depression, so I had had to train all over again just to brush my teeth. So, um, it was just Um, I guess that Surgeon said that you know they. Um, cluster of, uh, vessels right here, and, uh, uh, it burst and So that I. I, I, I wanted to, when released me, I, I wanted to drive. But anyway, yeah, and uh Uh, every time, um. I talk at least that if. Were conversation right here and you know, uh. The uh The I don't know you and right here I am sweating and I, I didn't, I didn't do that before the stroke and uh. So Just to know that my my glasses fogged up and uh I, I'm starting to sweat. Yeah, but uh but the uh My friend, uh. If, if we have to talk uh a lengthy. I, I started to sweat too, but uh. Just like, uh, if I was going to Lowe's, I mean, I mean just, just to, I think I, I was I was. Even I'm embarrassed uh to communicate because you know. I stumbled and and uh. Can't think of the words and. And so every time I do that. Sweat yeah so but anyway, you know, well, the, uh, speech therapist at to Nova, but uh that was. Uh, I think it was 6 months, so. But uh Inur cut cut me off. No, I don't think so, was it? Well, it was still a challenge, even, even though, uh. Go, I don't know, it was in September, I got home, something like that, so it's still. Had, had to learn all over again. I don't wanna, yeah, um. Well she uh had me read the. Say say the. Dumbest things over and over and over. Well, I don't know, just a Uh, 5, you know, 44 words over and over again, uh. Then 54, I mean 6 talking. She said it and then I said, well, the, the. Sentence and And I had to, uh, uh, repeat, I don't know, do that. I do my, uh, my dad was a preacher and she uh That she He uh went to uh Flint, Michigan from Uh, Florence, Alabama, and uh Uh, in January of '67 and uh Or uh She, uh, he preached that her parents was converted and uh. Um, So I, I seeked her out, but well, I was. In uh Henderson, Tennessee, uh, going to uh Fred Hardiman College and It was a college there then. It's not now it's a university, but um The, uh, she was still in Flint, Michigan, so that had a long distance relationship, so. And I, I started out preaching and um. But uh um. But her dad was a. Um, In General Motors and he was a um. Grinder uh skilled trades and uh He said that the shops were hiring, but uh. The shop, he, uh, the harps weren't hiring as well as he, uh, he thought, and uh We took, uh, we went all up there in January. of 73 and And uh and I got out in July 31st, so. But uh that was a good move because uh uh we had uh retirement and uh Um, The General Motors stopped that uh retirement in Probably uh 07 or 008, and I retired in uh '03. That was a good move. I just didn't want to uh. Uh, be, uh, like my dad, because, uh, Um, preachers don't, uh, you have, you don't have a retirement. You go to work or you die. And if, if they, uh, they don't have a Um, Benefits and uh so you could, I had to uh probably hold down two jobs for benefits. So uh I just uh I decided not to go along those lines. I am thankful so and and and the bill brain surgery has half of me and The uh uh We, we only paid uh just over $1000. Well, but Medicaid and Uh, Blue Cross, you know, oh yeah, Medicare and Blue Cross paid for that. Yeah, if I had had to be a preacher. He's gonna, that's right. My glasses are fogging out. I may make myself nervous. Well, what do you mean to tell his story? The boys kicking the ball and And uh it goes through the window and he lands on his father and His father throws it back at him or or you gonna. Disciplining yes no. First one pictures uh probably um A child, uh. Uh, don't want to. Uh, the umbrella and Mama said that uh you need uh. Umbrella and uh. Probably they said the child, you don't need one, so he uh he goes out in the ring and He, he gets wet and Uh Goes back and gets uh. Uh, the umbrella. So so he could get dry. Well, there's probably a little girl. And uh Um, The cat and the dog chased him up the tree and dad. Uh, got up on the tree and he lost his ladder and uh And he's done probably done. Free to the drop, uh. Get down and the firemen had to be called to get the dad and the cat down somewhat now I don't know about that. I can't um. Probably get the words out. C Cinderella's, I don't know if his mother. Or a stepmother, or 22 sisters are they're ugly and uh and Cinderella is beautiful so. But they're into themselves and uh. Um, Yeah Uh, my stepmother treats the other girls. Nice and uh. Um, Taking parties and Cinderella had a uh Uh, scrub the floors and uh. And she was a stepmother was harsh and um. So Very good over there. Comes in the view and uh helps her out and turns a pumpkin. Into the chariot and uh. Uh, horses and any, any way. Animals and have glass slippers and And uh She went to the ball. And Met the prince and uh. Uh, she had, she was late and the pumpkin. Uh, turned out, turned back in and, and horses, uh, and men, so, uh. Oh, the prince, uh, Try to get the. Oh Youngers, uh, women to uh Uh, try on the slipper and uh Uh, the, uh, two ugly, uh, sisters, the um The feet they, they tried to uh get stick it in their feet. To the slipper and uh So Cinderella. Um, had a fit uh to the slipper and lived that happy ever, ever get red bread, get the uh Peanut butter and jar and uh jelly jar and uh. Get to know. Spread on the uh. Uh, peanut butter and Get a spoon and um. Dig out the uh jelly and, and. spoon is on the uh bread and And it's right.