Okay, I believe it's better, but I mostly have problems when I get excited or I want to get it out fast. I used to be very fast talking, you know, and it's hard. Well, I was asleep and I woke up with it. Well, I woke up and sit up. And it didn't feel strange or anything. And I got up to go to the bathroom and I couldn't get my arm to do something. And I did. It didn't really dawn on me, you know? I came out and tried to make a coffee and I just couldn't make it. And I turned around and I fell, and I didn't understand why I fell and I went back in the room, my granddaughter was spending the night and I decided that I needed some help, you know. And I tried to call my son, but I didn't work, you know. And my daughter came up and I called her and all I could say was, yeah, yeah. Yeah, you know, that's all I could say. And then after I fell again and my daughter, I mean, my granddaughter took my phone and ran out here and called her dad. You know, that was, you know, they've got the ambulance and everything. Yeah. Well, I think she was afraid because she come out of the bedroom and stayed. Back here, waiting for them. You know, she didn't. Yeah, I don't know him well. The main thing is my speech, you know, other than that, I'd say I'm fairly okay, you know, the weakness, but it's not terrible. I took therapy, you and I. I go to the gym and do a water aerobics and some treadmill, and that's, you know it, that's it. I don't do therapy anymore because I can't afford it. I like to read, but I don't like it now. I used to like to read two or three books a day. A week. Yeah, and I, there's a book I've had since beginning of September, and I still haven't finished it yet, you know, But I try to read out loud. And some words that I can't pronounce, I stay on them until I can pronounce them, right. I, I wish I did better, you know, reading more, but I just, you know, I just can't. Yeah, I like it because I like what I'm reading, but it's hard. Well, no, but used to, I didn't like books on tape. You know, my mind starts to wonder, and that is good for me. Yeah, to read it aloud. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, I can do it while driving, you know, but I don't drive that much, you know. Okay. Thinking back, can you tell me a story about something important that happened to you in your life? Okay. Well, I, and I, I had. Two labor pains, and that was it. And she was delivered, you know, we were in the parking lot of a bank trying to get some money to put gas in the car. Yeah, but you know, she was fine, you know. She was the third one, you know. We pretty much knew what was the deal. Yes. We'd all have been dead, you know. Yes, yes. Yeah, it's called... Precipitous labor, But, you know, I just had one, I had one pain and I got everybody up and ready, and I had another pain. Um, um, when I reached the car and then, you know, yeah, but then I pushed. Yeah. Three. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Oh, well, the boy kicks the ball. He kicked it to the window. The dad, I guess the dad, catches it and looks out the window. She, um, the mother was, wants him to use an umbrella, and he said, I don't need it. And she, um. When he gets outside, it's raining, and raining bad, And he comes back to his mother and says, I need an umbrella, and, you know, there's the umbrella. Oh, yeah, yeah. Well, the dog is barking. That's why the guy is in the tree, and the cat is in the tree, missing, I mean. The girl wants her cat and the fire truck is there. I don't know if she's going to get the dog or the cat down, you know, probably both. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Cinderella was, well, her mother died, and her father kept care of her, and she needed a mother. She got... A stepmother, but she wasn't very nice and the father died. And ever since the father died, she was real mean to, um, Cinderella and made her do, um, the work around the house. She had two stepsisters who were just as mean to her. One day, um, the. The palace put out an invitation to every maiden in the land to come to see if the prince was interested. And Cinderella wanted to go. She busied herself all up with... You know, the preparations. And secretly, she made a dress and it was time to leave. And they said there was some things on her gown that, you know, like the ribbons and stuff like that. In any way. She Tipped, tore it to shreds. And so this stepmother and stepsisters, you know, took, took off for the ball. And Cinderella cried, and suddenly she saw a fairy. godmother, godmother, and she gave, no, she didn't, no. Well, anyway, she gave her a pretty dress to wear, and she made a pumpkin into a coach, and she made field mice into footmen, And she said, be back by 12 o'clock, you know, and Cinderella went to the ball. And she danced with the Prince and everything, and it struck midnight and she had to get away. And um, anyway, um, she got away, but the by the time she went, um, by the time she got back, um, her clothes were, um, all gone, and you, um, the coach and all had disappeared, but only she had one slipper, a gold slipper. And anyway, the call went out that the prince was looking for someone to fit in the slipper. And the stepmother and the stepsisters were ready for them, and they came. But it didn't fit them. And anyway, Cinderella came, and she tried the slipper on, and, you know, they lived happy out there. Okay. Okay. Well, you start with bread, and you... Take the peanut butter and you lift it out and you spread it. And then you take the peanut and you lift it out. I mean, the jelly, and you lift it out and you spread it on one of the other side of the bread, and you put it together.