Okay, very erratic. I'm close to 10 years since the stroke and I've been more or less talking for the last seven. And at times this time of year, I can wake up and feel fine and pronounce things very carefully. Other times I'm off in the fall somewhere, about back and forth, more than others past years. So anything else? Yeah, it was late in December. I was alone. In my small house behind my uh, a friend with my uh daughters, and, um, I, uh, suddenly went. I'll say, at this point, I'll say blank. But, uh, going back as far beyond this, I couldn't get a hold of myself and, uh, I was in the uh. The house was very cold, it was very messy, and I sat there for somewhere between two and three days. Eventually, my daughter came in, so yeah, it was very long. I couldn't move. I feel very, more or less, blessed by my recovery because I got up and... I moved eventually, months later. I couldn't walk for about, I think, about four months, three or four months. But I have been doing the things I was asked to do, and I read and I write. I draw and I walk a deal. And I'm doing yoga at this point about twice a week, two or three times a week. Oh, okay, you look very sprightly. Yeah, I'm well, one-on-one therapy, just sit down. And not exactly. It's more or less being connected to a face of an group, but occasionally for two or three months at a time, one on one. Just totally at random? Okay. So many different things are important to me. I don't know really what to draw from. Every week, I experience several things that are important, really mind-bogglingly important. So, okay, currently, I think I'm very concerned about the national political mood in this country. I'm working, I'm concentrated on something that I can do on a daily basis. That takes the present out of us. Also, I'm praying and talking with every people about it. So that's very current and very important at the moment. So, yeah, not too many church lately. I've been thinking about it a great deal. I'm maybe hoping to return to California if another... Maybe one to two years. Where I'm new, no media in Palos Verdes. Right, near Long, uh, Regina. Yeah. By the way, Regina is almost, almost my favorite beach. Long ago. It's there for this tide. Around, in, I'll think about it. Bye. It's second place. I have to think about it. It's long ago. Wide. It used to be very wide. I hadn't been there for a while. So yeah. Yeah. It's first cousin living on the beach in Man, on Morse Beach. So okay. The boy is kicking the ball. It's going through the window. He dropped me next to a young, older man who grasped the blood. That's basic. Okay. But very basically, the young boy has no umbrella from the mother. He says... Goodbye bullets out and it starts raining. He runs back. It's all wet. The mother looks headed a bit, um, scoldingly, so he takes the bread and he walks to school, I guess, and restore. Okay, okay, okay, very. Basically. The um little girl is trying to reach the kitty cat in the branches is a letter in a child's. Next to her close in to the tree is a forlorn-looking man looking out as the dog barks up at him, The two firemen are running with another letter from the fire truck to Frizzlumi. They put the letter up and rescued the man. It's a bird sitting, a open, singing to the heavens. I'm just trying. What's trying? Close. The basic. Yeah, yeah. Okay. I'm sorry. Okay. Stumble report. Um, um, Stumble report was, uh, uh. Alarmingly pretty and good-natured, and in the servitude of evil stepmother and two stepdaughters, stepsisters. You read the whole story, right? Okay. I've got to keep awake, but I'll try. So, there's the ball, and the... The mother and the sisters are very worked up about the whole thing and are going to try on the best costumes. Now, Cinderella is also worked up, but she is going to, the mother is going to order to sit in the house. And clean so off. The mother and step-sisters go and uh, and senator is very forlorn. But, uh, all the uh neighborhood, uh household careers are gathered in a send her off in a fancy gown. And I think this was to her. A good fray appears to her and comes a mushroom, sorry, the pumpkin to a carriage, and off she goes to... To the ball. And, uh, naturally, he is. She is the first warden of all, and, uh, has to be. The various critics have told her that he has to return at midnight. So he has a great time dancing with the prince, who is totally in love with her now. But the cock strikes ten, sorry, twelve. And she runs out the door and leaves one shoe. And in the hall of the entrance, and he gets a carriage and rides home. This is the carriage is coming back into. A pumpkin and her gauze gown turns the old rags, and he returns to the hospital. Sorry, the day-to-day chores. And there's a back and forth about the wicked stepmother, and the step-sisters try to dress up and present themselves to the... The Princess Emissaries. But I forget. All the little details, But she appears and look at Nick at time, and the emissary puts the magic shoe on her, and everything is hunky-dory. That's about it. Okay. Again, again and again, I watch it. The whole damn thing. Right. It's in my brain forever. It's too bad. Of course. Okay, cool. Yeah, sorry. I get, um, bread, I'm sorry, wheat bread, and, um, Put the, uh, jelly, peanut butter on the one side of the bread, and, uh, hopefully, uh, apricot jelly on the endless side together and eat it, yes.