It's good, but, um, um, it will be better. Um, I can, um, little, I can read a little, but, um, I have trouble with, uh, and, and, uh, and, yeah. Oh, gosh. Well, I got, um, I... Got up to check the laundry. I got about there, in the doorway of the kitchen. I don't remember. I go to Vanderbilt and that's all I can remember. I was scared. I exercise five times a day. A week and I have speech Spring Christmas break starting up next Tuesday, Wednesday following week, and I don't know. What's it? Doctor's appointments? Oh, I can't work. I watch my grandson and that's it. I have now. That's great. Okay. Okay. Hmm. I don't talk about destiny. I'm sad about it. I have botox injections on my arm. I don't. Yes. Yeah. And I had a nerve conduct study in my arm, and they say, I'm not going to regain. That. Yeah. I need to do my, um, research, my hair and stuff to put it up. Tom does it. Oh, yeah. Um, Tom and I got them anniversary last. Yeah. Yep. And he spelled my name wrong. Yeah, I know. Oh, my gosh. I, once a month, um. I babysit two kids Noah's age, and he pays me to watch them and I get my nails done. Okay. That boy hit the ball through the window and I don't, well. He catched it and um, he's thinking how he's going to fix the window. Well, the mom has an umbrella, she didn't give it to the kid, and he is rent. Um, it's raining, and, well, he is wet and upset about his mother, um, didn't give his umbrella. Um, finally, he got an umbrella. Well, um, the cat... It got on the tree and girl come over to call down the kitty cat and called his, her mom, dad to come and help. And he got stuck in the tree. And The... Dog, um, and they called the fire department to get him down and the cat. Yeah. Okay. Okay. The, uh, wicked stepmother, uh, two sisters, and Cinderella, and they... Told her to clean up and they, um, uh, she is a servant, and they, um, announced their um, having a ball. And the mother and step sisters, um, they said, they, you know. She couldn't go until she cleaned the whole house and stuff like that. And um, she did that and got dressed. And in, um, uh, two sisters and mother, um, uh, tore the gown all up and um, she cried and everything. And they she fairy Godmother come to see her and carriage and dressed her up and took her to the ball. And be home by hands. Clock strikes 12. And she ran out of the dance and lost her shoe, and he prints a fine, tried to find her, and then they print Cinderella, tried on the shoe and happily, ever after. Well, I will have the bread and I will smear the peanut butter. Uh, one side and other side, um, jelly and stick them together. 